---
title: "Fasting for Joy"
subtitle: ""
author: "David Cusick"
avatar: "img/authors/meatRainier.jpg"
image: "img/sunrise.jpg"
---
<p style="font-size:20px">Fasting the other day was more difficult than usual. Halfway through, I wondered if my fasting might not really be God's desire this time. But lacking any clear conviction, I stuck with it and sat down to write a new blog.</p>

<p style="font-size:20px"><b>This blog is about the danger of being spiritually hungry, but not thankful; of desiring more of Jesus, but not awestruck by the Jesus I already know.</b></p>

<p style="font-size:20px">I wrote a title, "Thankfulness & Spiritual Hunger", along with this sentence: "We must ... express all our hunger through a thankful heart." Just after that one inspired moment, the fasting left me too weary to continue. So I stared at the computer screen. Ironically I had scheduled myself to help prepare dinner that evening, so I obediently lumbered into the kitchen and began cooking.</p>

<p style="font-size:20px">Stirring vegetables doesn't usually jeapordize morals, but it's in tender culinary moments like these that fasts are easily forgotten.</p>

<p style="font-size:20px"><i>"But I won't forget this time,"</i> I thought. <i>"Because I think I'm supposed to fast, and I'm choosing to obey the Lord."</i> So I didn't forget.</p>

<p style="font-size:20px">And then I realized I wasn't thankful. In fact, it wasn't until I returned to the computer screen and read the sentence, "We must ... express all our hunger through a thankful heart," that I realized how oblivious I must have been to write that sentence while fasting without a fully thankful heart. I had expressed my hunger through fasting without a thankful heart. And that's sin.</p>

<p style="font-size:20px"> I gave thanks and ate.</p>
